NIMBL v0.1.0 (17 Jan 2013)
--------------------------

1.	Methylation input data can contain any number of array sites (i.e. rows, 
	measurements).
	
2.	NIMBL-gene is now much more robust and flexible. It allows as input gene
	names (standard gene names or refseq accession IDs - NM, NR IDs) or any
	chromosomal region specified by start and end coordinates. The search of
	corresponding array sites is only based on genomic location of measurements
	(i.e. mapinfo column within annotation file), hence array sites are found
	independently of any (potentially outdated/obsolete) gene annotation.
	
	Further NIMBL-gene updates:
	- More than two groups of samples can be highlighted within the output
	  plots by specifying additional parameters g3, g4 etc.
	- Low-quality measurements depending on pval threshold can be highlighted
	  within the plots.
	- Extra array sites can be highlighted within the plots by providing an
	  input file with one or more columns (groups) of array IDs.
	- The designs of the methylation profile output files has changed.
	- Only one human genome (repeats in lower case) is used.
	- The alignment of probes to the genomic sequence is optional.
	 	
3.	Updated UCSC refgene table with gene synonyms from NCBI.
	This increases the 	chances of finding genes specified as input values to
	NIMBL-gene. A script called 'preprocess_gene_info' can be used to consider
	updated files from UCSC and NCBI. It also provides a report based on
	the comparison of gene annotation from the array annotation file vs UCSC/NCBI.
	A report file is included with the Annotation folder. Please see the user
	guide for more information.

4.	Replaced the binary MAT file containing the mapping of 450k array sites 
	with a text file ('450k_gene_annot.txt'). The binary file might cause
	errors with different Matlab versions or machines.
	
5.	Fixed bug: NIMBL-qc crashed when array sites of methylation input and
	extra annotation for Infinium design type were identical.

6.	Added option in NIMBL-qc to write methylation file of peak-corrected
	beta values to text file.

7.	Added option in NIMBL to write methylation files of selected or excluded
	array sites to text file.

8.	Added option in NIMBL to control the plotting of boxplots of samples
	compared in NIMBL. Updated the layout of the boxplots so that colors
	highlight the two compared sample groups.
	
9.	Updated the layout of the plot showing differentially methylated sites
	detected by NIMBL.

10.	The updated example_input script includes new parameters to account for
	the new features introduced in this version.
	Please update previously used input scripts according to the new template!


NIMBL v0.0.4 (15 Jun 2012)
--------------------------

1.	Calling the same or different modules multiple times avoids re-reading
	of input files (methylation and annotation files) if the filenames given
	in the input script have not changed.
	
2.	Each report file contains the version of NIMBL in the first line.

3.	The report of NIMBL-qc contains the values plotted as bar plots (i.e.
	the number of missing beta values in each sample, the number of low
	quality measurements and corresponding percent value in each sample).
	

NIMBL v0.0.3 (13 Jun 2012)
--------------------------

1.	First formal release with user guide.
